feat(nuxt): allow disabling color for `<NuxtLoadingIndicator>` (#18432)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/content/1.docs/3.api/2.components/5.nuxt-loading-indicator.md

## Props

> - **color**: The color of the loading bar. it can be set to "false" to disable the color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **color**: The color of the loading bar. It can be set to `false` to turn off explicit color styling.
```
